there are six stages to any good scam
each of these steps lead to gaining the
victims confidence to the point that
they're willing to hand over a large sum
of money for absolutely nothing in
return of course they won't know that
until it's already too late the first
stage the foundation work nobody's going
to believe you until you are believable
you see some guy off the street asking
for money and you immediately get
suspicious but if it's a multi-billion
dollar corporation well they obviously
know what they're doing you could lie
about the specifics like how you plan on
actually making money but you can't come
forward with anything until you have an
actual product business and brand when
it comes to the sort of thing it's hard
to make it but it's really easy to fake
it once you have all this you are ready
for the approach this is the important
part if you can get the victim to trust
you on first contact and truly believe
that you have their best interest at
heart you can play their emotions and
get them to do something they would
never do if they were thinking logically
this is where the build-up comes in once
you wet the victims appetite play on
their greed and get them to pay even
just a little bit you can throw off
their caution and make them lose their
judgment then we use a pincer think of
it as an investment you pay a little bit
up front to legitimize yourself and we
then leverage this trust to get the
large payout you can after the whole
time the hurrah a crisis one of my
largest shareholders pulled out we need
someone to fill in and the next quarters
profits were about to come into a
perfect exploitation this is the part
that all previous parts have been
leading up to be inin it if the victim
realizes that they're the only one with
the cash in a scenario they might cry
foul but if I were to say split in half
and half and paying first they might be
willing to pay
double
at that point as the money dries out and
then stops coming entirely the victim
might realize their mistake but by that
point it's already too late